hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we'll be
talking about the 2011 film Mission
Impossible Ghost Protocol the fourth
film in the Mission Impossible series so
let's get started
information about this movie somewhat
relies on the fact that you've seen the
other films if you need a quick reminder
check out my spoilers in the links below
the film opens with IMF agent Trevor
Hannah who attempted to intercept a
courier working for someone known as
Cobalt
Trevor however is killed by the assassin
Sabian moreau and the briefcase he has
is stolen the film then switches to
Ethan Hunt who is being broken out of a
Moscow Jail by Benji Dunn and Jane
Carter while escaping ethan also frees a
Russian source known as Bogdan the IMF
team goes to the Kremlin in order to
find files about the true identity of
Cobalt
however during this mission they're
compromised by someone and then that
same person bombs the Kremlin and Ethan
is injured ethan wakes up in a hospital
to a Russian agent a Natale Sidorov
arresting ethan believing that he is the
cause the kremlin bombing ethan escapes
and has the IMF secretary extract him
the secretary tells him that the
russians believe that the kremlin
bombing was an act of war from the US
and the president has issued a ghost
Protocol disavowing the IMF and Ethan's
team are taking the blame the secretary
knows it's not his fault and tells him
that there's a nearby cache of IMF
supplies their car is attacked by
Russian forces and Ethan escapes his
team is already at the cache and he is
joined by intelligence analyst William
Brandt with IMF being disavowed Brandt's
knowledge and ability to identify
important figures as key brand identify
his cobalt as Kurt Hendricks a Russian
nuclear strategist whose goal is to
start a nuclear war Hendricks bombed the
Kremlin in order to strike from the fact
that he was stealing a Russian nuclear
launch control device however he still
needs the activation codes which he was
supposed to get from the courier
at the beginning of the film the team
travels to divide in order to intercept
an exchange between Moreau and Hendrix's
right-hand man Wistrom Moreau and
Wistrom have never met so they tricked
them into different rooms Moreau meets
with Ethan and brand while Wistrom meets
with Jane Wistrom also brought an expert
with him in order to verify that he's
receiving the real launch codes through
some sleight of hand and fancy gadgets
they're able to trick both parties and
they attempt to follow Wistrom in order
to locate hendricks a fight breaks out
between both groups Moreau is killed and
Wistrom escapes
however while Wistrom is escaping it has
revealed that Wistrom is really
Hendricks in disguise afterwards
Ethan leaves to go meet with an
informant while Ethan is gone it is
revealed by Brandt that Ethan's wife
Julia who he thought from the beginning
of the film was just divorced or
separated from Ethan was actually killed
Ethan meets with Bogdan the man Ethan
saved from the Moscow prison and
bogdan's cousin an arms dealer who
explained that Hendricks still needs to
access a military satellite in order to
trigger the missiles and that the most
likely target will be an Indian
telecommunications company the team
travels to Mumbai in order to disable
the satellite before Hendricks can fire
the missile Hendricks however is
successful at firing the missile before
they can disable the satellite so Ethan
decides he must abort the nuclear
warhead directly from the panel
Hendricks used to fire the missile they
break into a fight Hendricks dies and at
the last second Ethan disables the
missile before it strikes the city of
San Francisco city Rojo enters right as
the missile is aborted realizes Ethan is
really on their side and that he is
innocent at the Kremlin bombing the team
meets up a few weeks later with Luthor
and accepts a new mission
Ethan reveals to Brandt that Julia is
actually alive and the film ends with
Julian even smiling at each other from a
far distance so that was the spoilers
from Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol
if you have a film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on our various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching